and well hi friends is that the
platoon find themselves for a new
diop for a pack opening all
simply because we always have our
tournament team our team the
world cup with yellow blue klozup
red and all the green cards messi
neymar droben oars and it is pa lé
ka 100000 credit guys if you are
young credit for example to open them
to the east in the description on the site
credit fifa you said the code since 3
5% off it's 100% reliable and
ultra fast so of course we're going
open these two packs to 100000 credit
guys here with 24 elements all in
gold all mean rare that players so
I hope we have the chance
so that's gone paul first step that
guys we cross our fingers we hope
carpet from heavy to if we could get to
messi 98 and yahoo - klose them that would be
a sick thing
we will spend in 3 2 1 the gones
iniesta 89 company is not bad i re
team of the week find attention
the guys attention be careful we got
iniesta gerrard pp company just that
that's not bad
two false boost ah I thought
it was a blue that's okay
first pack rather drinkable rather
drinking fake boost iniesta we got on
had and we are so barbeau the rest that
or not much and we still had
company even if it is larger
thing a game it was very good guys
that it's worth almost nothing but
that's pretty good
we start moynier two worlds well we
will say war in also it's heavy
it's good finally it's heavy it's a
good player so that's okay, it's not too bad
even though I think twice and you
nothing
in short, let's go for the
second pack to 100000 guys this
once we'll let the kinematics
ok we cross your fingers go if you
please reverse the heavy go there go
go go go go
henri the legend is good it is caught
to a green card in this pack opening
but it will be boosts it's a pleasure
henry the legend is what we had
someone else no I do not believe in
arch to the Netherlands handsome and we caught
thierry henry go that's nice
so we got some fake and henri
the two best teams
the two players the two best
players of the team of the week
so here I do not know if we will put
credits on another account
we will put credits on another
I think and we meet again
of this open pack and so here we are on
my side account guys to laugh
two extra packs what we
will do kpaka semi credit so guys
it's gone for the third pack to his
case I hope we will hit heavy
will pass in three two a
now then the guys there need to
cross your fingers you have to cross the
fingers so terry it's not terrible
in the game do not remake the joke is this
that valdés fabregas luca silva beautiful
aulas lalalalalalalalala disgusting
disgusting this pact the guys that makes me
of pain because it hurts me
the room is clearly painful
I hurt I have a lot of damage that makes me
bad fabregas who is signed to chelsea
ok clichy know nothing yeah not terrible
at all - let's do quick sales on
the rest guys wayne we have enough for
laughter the last pack
on the other hand the guys there I'm going out of
the room there because there we go up
update because it's not going there
it was a beautiful new heavy carrot
the time at 100000 they are ok no I
did not go in the right thing
so I am well my thing ok the
that's it, I'm going away I'm coming back
I come back when there is music at 118 2
years
ok the suva then ferdinand bousquet to
fucking but new a carrot
olalalala the cases what are these two
parking lots hurt it hurts so giro
it's not worth much it's not worth it
that's not that much either
we did not like that either
you crucial that that either neither
we're going to make quick sales all over the
stay and we will open a pack at 15me
scream maybe says that in there var
lucky because there's going to be there
it hurts me this time that 15
miles come on guys let's go this is the
last not ask for a milk fault
it takes glass bug game so it's
to go guys green if you
please wow then guys I you
really invite open packages 15 me
of credit you see you catch two
rare money players it's really great
very good deal one without messing up the
this is a guy it 's fucking mouth
there finally I hope that the video you
will we still get the
legend thiery henry damage that one for
that you can lay and it's nice
I say very soon for new
videos had closed and then take care of
beat you up